Pulp cli page (#376)
pulp/pulpproject.org: pulp-3-cli.md

---
title: Pulp 3 CLI
sidebar: home_sidebar
permalink: /pulp-3-cli/
toc: false
---

The Pulp 3 CLI is under active development.

The Pulp 3 CLI has been designed with a plugin structure, meaning that it is implemented by plugin writers on a per-plugin basis.

> After you install Pulp, you can then install the Pulp 3 CLI by following the [Pulp 3 CLI Quickstart guide](https://github.com/pulp/pulp-cli/blob/develop/docs/quickstart.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you install Pulp, you can then install the Pulp 3 CLI by following the [Pulp 3 CLI Quickstart guide](https://docs.pulpproject.org/pulp_cli/quickstart.html).
```
